now how are you after the best and
when I bring you a new reason
steampunk ership yes well I'm good
well happy here in Miguel Balloon like
can you see navigating my world like
they will be able to give an account and well
obviously you will already know what it is that
add mode add this little balloon
by which we can browse our
world well happy and quietly like
can see the animations are
pretty good there we see health and all
we see everything perfect and here too
we can see how the propellers those and
well I'm very happy here sailing
how can you realize here
for my bridge and the truth is very
ok this mod
it's like to be peacefully by
your world and good so that it works
What do you send in our balloon?
have carbon in our inventory as
they will be able to realize they are consuming
you have to put it where you want and then
automatically nothing else will work
Do not forget the coal too
we can shoot arrows with control
right I do not say the left control anymore
well and well, what will happen is
I'm going to zoom in as you can
account because I have the optician and the
Optical, what he does is get hold of
the left control not but how can
listen and as you can see below the
arrows are decreasing that wants
say that we are shooting and so
Well , I'll take the zoom out and jacques stop
shoot not good to go down we need to
then press the key with which we
we crouch in this way and we are supposed to
it has to come down only the movements
are slow for this balloon and do not want
bye bye bye bye we go well happy to
down to rise we need
press the space key something very
logical and obviously to move anything
plus the w key of the keys
basic to move
let's go let's calculate we are
all pilots look just look at nothing
look nothing more than landing more
perfect haha you guys can even put
what would be a guy a type
place to park your balloon and in
happy of life and good while there
our balloon is rotting
to see the craft and how it can be given
account here I have what they sold
cloisters then we're going to put in
the crafter table so they can see what it is
what each does each thing not when
we need some leather around and
will give us the ball as I have
our ball
we need to make this kraft but
also with iron and a piston in the
center then we do it quickly
to see how you can find out here
we give engine the engine we need it for
let our globe work and simply
we put what had been our
globito here a furnace in the center what
that would be string or remember
those in the corners two engines in each
side and a boat down in this way we
has to give the crafter only I do not know
why do not I live in this one this time
it makes me that's why it comes
being the fornells
we are going to put is that how will be given
account there are two types of furnace there is
As you can see, the oven changes and now
is our plastic we have our
ship and now we can just
put where we want to go to
put it here or jojo what perfection
and we can go well happy
again for our world
and well I put this taste of this
that's what I add
I would recommend the creator of the mod that
they had animation the bullets rather
the arrows not because when you shoot
they look like you can realize
shot and arrows are not seen by
some strange reason I also
I would recommend the creator of the molds
that I put a kind of I do not know explosives
salgado something that released the balloon for
make it a little more entertaining but
outside of that, our
globito is because you like it this way
and let's see how it is installed and good
Next friends to install this
boat steampunk air ships the first thing that
we have to do is enter the forum
that I leave in the description you know
as we always lower you here they will be
what they sold the installation for
anything that they lack and they have
to click here where install says
in the link that is next, not if you can
anything fails them also the
I leave the description of this link and then
when we keep going down here they are going to come
the characters everything will come by
anything that they lack and you
we go down to where it arrives download as
can see here is here we are going to
download what has been our
they can give you where it says direct
link to download directly or you
can give where it says support os that
is to support the creator of the mod here in
this link not from once they download
his two files the second is where he
enter in this forum that I tell you that you
must give click or also the
I leave a description that is for
download manga force simply
we enter and look where it says
direct downloads to be downloaded
direct and we give you the recommended one
we click and what happened here is
that is already going to download our mod
so then good as we have the
two files as I tell you the minecraft
we timsit we are going to start we can
percent app percent data for those
XP users have them here
appear to run and puts you percent
of silver percent we're going to the
roaming folder here to the folder
point minecraft pin minecraft click
right open with an archivist this
folder comes minimized after
to need deleted from the folder
goal and since if it's there then it's going to
create your minecraft just do not open what
what they say our minecraft force
as you can see inside minecraft
force is going to come another goal live then
you get it and vice you have to put it
then we select everything and we have it
amen that founded heart and we're going to
automatically accept the goal and it goes
to pass this metal do not eliminate it since
it's in the way so it's not going to affect anything
more eliminate the first one and we already close what
that he was doing our mods and he
minecraft dot hard we open now the
bean folder that we minimized a while ago
knots a space back and here where
it was fine resort 6 and others we click
right new folder mods or take a
new carteya mammoths and inside that
folder we put the steam ship of this
way we just drag the file
direct and ready I would have to stay
all perfection without any kind of
crash any kind of failure then
we open our minecraft so you can see
and anything that the escrache
Make sure you have what
so it would be no way
installed since if they have some way
that is not compatible will grow
let's go to the modes and here is our
skin sip is already well installed and good
hits because he likes
do not feel and goodbye